KUALA LUMPUR, July 24 — It’s a station so busy even the presence of a camera-clicking gentleman prompted an auxiliary policeman to question him.
That was our experience when we were at the Bandar Tasik Selatan LRT station in Kuala Lumpur. As photographer Ham Abu Bakar took photos at the station, a policeman politely approached him to stop before asking him why he was freely shooting away.

We explained the purpose of our visit and after answering a few more questions from him, the good-natured policeman gave us the go-ahead to continue our work.

Although we were quizzed for about 15 minutes, it wasn’t annoying at all. On the contrary, we felt safe and relieved there was someone of authority standing guard at the bustling station, especially where any public place is a potential security threat and the of snatch thieves and pickpockets these days. 

Located about 10km south of the city towards Kuala Lumpur International Airport (KLIA) in Sepang, it is understandable why the station is all abuzz.

It serves as a stop as well as an inter-change for the KTM Komuter, Sri Petaling, and Express Rail Link’s KLIA transit trains.

Plus, it is also connected to the Terminal Bersepadu Selatan (TBS) bus terminal via a pedestrian bridge.

The KTM Komuter stops include Batu Caves, Mid Valley, Bangi, Shah Alam, Pelabuhan Klang and Tanjung Malim, while the Sri Petaling line connects to places like Awan Besar, Kinrara BK5 and IOI Puchong Jaya.

The TBS is a multi-level terminal with ATM machines, retail shops and food outlets for the benefit of commuters while they wait for their bus.

Other facilities include a luggage centre, lockers, Rest & Go motel, clinic, post office, baby care room, prayer room, as well as ramps, elevators, ticketing counters, restrooms and tactile guide for the disabled.

This is also an express bus hub to destinations across the country as well as Singapore and the southern Thailand towns of Hat Yai and Dannok.

Finding a parking bay is not a problem as there’s ample space within the terminal. The parking fee is RM3 for the first hour here. In addition, there is another multi-level parking complex opposite the LRT station.

Parking at the complex is RM5 (from 5am to 8pm) and RM2 (from 8pm to 5am), and is mainly used by commuters who take the train to work.

Apart from the LRT’s practicality as a public transport, the station boasts a range of conveniences, including a Pos Laju kiosk, convenience stores and tuckshops.

A number of RapidKL buses to various places also originate from this station.

The buses connect to the UKM Medical Centre (formerly Hospital Universiti Kebangsaan Malaysia), Taman Sunway Cheras, Cheras Sentral, Taman Bukit Segar, Universiti UCSI, Taman Tasek Permaisuri, Taman Mudun, Puspakom, and Masjid Syaidina Osman among others.

Clearly discernible signboards indicate the bus you can board to get to a stop of your choice.

Took package for Tioman Berjaya resort. No coordination between ferry and bus timings.. made me wait 3 to 4 hours just to fill the bus.. I prebooked months ago paid peak surcharge still received pathetic service. Took early ferry to avoid immigration queue but just coz of kkkl did not get full bus I got stuck in traffic (they can't blame holiday traffic for this). Not recommended at all.. buses are good but either of one way they make you go in filthy crowded bus while showing their 3 seater wide seats bus. Staff at counter and bus are also rude and blame each other.

So I bought KPB bus ticket which depart at 2:40pm to larkin, johor yesterday. Rushed to the specific Gate because I bought the earliest departure time. There were many people lining up but I was not sure which bus they were lining up for. And I showed my ticket to the staff. There were 4 or 5 staffs together at the counter to check tickets. One of them saw my ticket and said "belum" which means my bus hasn't reached.

So I waited close to the counter to make sure I hear the bus name and destination name, to make sure i wont miss my bus. Few minutes later I heard destination name, I showed them my ticket again and said my destination. One of them said "belum". I was a bit worry, and thought maybe the bus was late.

To make sure I don't miss the bus, I stand close to the counter. I heard the staffs shouting passengers' name who havent get into the bus. Also, I heard them shouting for destination like KLIA, Melaka, and other bus company name. I heard my destination name, so I showed them my ticket again. One of the staff said "belum". I said but I heard the destination name. I was being ignored.

I looked outside the gate and all the buses stopped by were from other company. So I thought my bus was late and I decided to wait.

I waited until 315pm. I showed ticket to one of the staff again, and she said the bus left earlier.

I was super frustrated and told her. I did showed my ticket here for 3 times, but u all keep saying "belum". But her reply was, how come all the 8 passangers got.into the bus but I was the only left behind. And she told me she shouted, is my fault that I never listen.

I asked her, so when did the bus left? I heard u shouted klia, melaka. She said the bus left before she shouted klia n melaka. She didn't allowed me to replace my ticket to another bus, although I requested to change to the same bus company.

After I argued with her, she asked me to go ticket counter and check. I requested to change bus ticket but the ticket counter staff said to me if she allowed me to do so, she will get the punishment from management.

I went to customer service and requested. The customer service asked the staff who checked my ticket to check. But actually the person in charge is the operator downstairs who check the bus ticket, she said is my fault that I missed the bus.

Last, I was forced to buy a new bus ticket. What I learnt from this is whatever mistakes the staff did, they won't admit because once they admit, they have to report to their management because all the tickets are recorded in system with our identity card. Don't buy ticket from unfamiliar bus company, don't trust the staff when they said your bus hasn't reached when the counter is a mess with many staffs and full of customers showing tickets without lining up.

TBS really need to train their staff, and please use the mic to announce the name, not shouting. Bad luck to meet poor attitude people