JOHOR BARU: An 80-year-old woman died after she was run over by an express bus at the Larkin Sentral bus terminal here.  The victim, identified as Er Shok Siew from Batu Pahat, was at the station to board a bus home when the incident took place at around 1pm on Friday (Oct 19).Video footage of the incident, which has gone viral on social media, shows that the victim was crossing a lane for buses inside the terminal when she was hit.Johor Baru (South) OCPD Asst Comm Shahurinain Jais said the victim sustained injuries to her legs and was rushed to the Sultanah Aminah Hospital (HSA)."However, she succumbed to her injuries," he said on Friday (Oct 19).ACP Shahurinain added that police would detain the 61-year-old bus driver to assist investigations under Section 41(1) of the Road Transport Act 1987.Meanwhile, Johor Baru MP Akmal Nasir said he had contacted the Larkin Sentral management for an immediate report and what actions they will be taking to prevent a repeat of such accidents.

Larkin Sentral undergoes 9-hour sanitisation operation.Personnel from Johor Baru City Council, Fire and Rescue Department, Johor Baru District Health Office, SWCorp and Briged Waqaf were involved in a sanitisation operation in Larkin Sentral on Monday. Pic courtesy from Damansara Assets Sdn Bhd Facebook Personnel from Johor Baru City Council, Fire and Rescue Department, Johor Baru District Health Office, SWCorp and Briged Waqaf were involved in a sanitisation operation in Larkin Sentral on Monday. Pic courtesy from Damansara Assets Sdn Bhd Facebook KUALA LUMPUR: An integrated sanitisation operation was held at the Larkin Sentral transport and commercial terminal in Johor Baru on Monday.Damansara Assets Sdn Bhd, which manages the property said the operation was a joint effort between the Johor Baru City Council, Fire and Rescue Department, Johor Baru District Health Office, SWCorp and Briged Waqaf."The operation was conducted to prevent the spread of Covid-19 and to boost the public's confidence to continue patronising Larkin Sentral," said the posting.The terminal is both a bus and taxi hub with an adjacent wet market. It is also a commercial centre with indoor bazaars, shoplots and food and beverage outlets.Damansara Assets said the sanisation involved the bus and taxi terminals, all departure and arrival halls for bus passengers, CTS self-service ticketing and manual ticketing counters, pedestrian walkways, escalators, lifts, wet market, bazaars, kiosks, An-Nur Larkin Sentral mosque, food court and public toilets.To accommodate sanitisation work, bus services were only allowed to operate at the terminal between 6am to 10am, and then again from 5pm to 10pm Monday.A spokesperson from Damansara Assets said Larkin Sentral will resume normal operations Tuesday.

Increased services at Larkin Sentral Bus Terminal.JOHOR BARU: The Larkin Sentral Bus Terminal will increase its operations in phases during the conditional movement control order (MCO).Johor works, transport and infrastructure committee chairman Mohd Solihan Badri said currently only 10 bus companies were operating, with three interstate trips daily.“Express bus operations at the terminal has reduced by about 99%, over phase one to phase three of the MCO starting on March 18, with only two to three daily trips from the usual 350 trips.“City bus operations have also dropped by 97%, to 30 trips per day from the usual 350 trips.“To-date, we only have three trips outside the state, namely to Terminal Bersepadu Selatan in Kuala Lumpur, Universiti Sultan Zainal Abidin (UniSZA) in Terengganu and to Melaka, ” he said after visiting the bus terminal to check on safety guidelines and the standard operating procedures implemented here.Mohd Solihan said express and city buses were now expected to increase trips by at least 50% in view of Hari Raya Aidilfitri.“Intercity transportation is expected to go up from 30 trips to 180 trips per day while express buses will increase to 100 trips per day, ” he said, adding that there were 20 bus companies operating in the terminal.However, Mohd Solihan said the increased operations would only be allowed based on the Covid-19 situation in the country and directives from the Federal Government.“As there are uncertainties currently, we will make changes as we go along. For now, buses are only allowed to carry half the number of passengers in a single trip. For example, if the bus can accommodate 40 people, it can now carry only 20 passengers, ” he said.He emphasised that only those with clearance papers from the police could buy tickets for express buses.“The tickets can only be bought at the counter and passengers must show proof of the necessary travel permit, ” he added.
Mohd Solihan said cross-border bus trips between Johor and Singapore were still suspended.“Starting yesterday, Keretapi Tanah Melayu Berhad started two trips from JB Sentral to Pulau Sebang in Melaka and vice-versa.“On May 4, Senai International Airport allowed one daily flight to Subang on Firefly and Malindo Air, while Air Asia and Malaysia Airlines will begin operations on May 20, ” he said.The Larkin Sentral Bus Terminal will operate from 6am to 10pm daily during the conditional MCO.

How to Go To Larkin Sentral Bus Station.Located 4 kilometres away from the city, the Larkin Bus Terminal is the largest transport station in Johor catering to both buses and taxis serving as the main spot for both arrival and departures. You can hop on a taxi to get there to Larkin Terminal.If you are departing from Singapore:Take the SBS Transit Bus Service 170 at Queen Street Terminal located near the Bugis MRT stationTake Singapore Johor Express from Queen Street Terminal (express coach from Queen Street Terminal to Singapore Custom)
Take the SBS Transit Bus Service 170 at Kranji MRT by the Singapore Turf Club
Take the Causeway Link CW1 or CW2 If you are coming from Johor, just take one of the many local buses available. When in JB Larkin, you will be able to find these bus services widely available:Johor Bahru – Kuala Lumpur, Mersing, Seremban, Melaka, Batu Pahat. Singapore – Larkin Johor.Take note that these are regular coaches so you would not be able to find extra space for your luggage. The buses will make a stop at the Singapore immigration and the Malaysia immigration in which you will need to bring along your luggage to be checked. After the process is done, you just hop back on to your respective coaches.Bus Operators at Larkin Johor BahruYou can find plenty of bus companies operating at the Larkin Bus Terminal. Below are some of the operators that you are able to book with for some of the major terminals within Malaysia:
Larkin Terminal ? Terminal Bersepadu Selatan (TBS): BE Express, Causeway Link Express, City Express, JB Transliner, KKKL Express, Konsortium Bas Ekspres (Malaysia), KPB Express JB, LA Holidays, Maju Express, Mayang Sari, Meridian Holidays, Nusan Enterprise, Pacific Express (JB), Pelangi Express, Pesat Cemerlang Enterprise (Kejora Mahsyur), Selat Keris Sdn Bhd, Sri Maju Group, Starmart Express, TC2 Transtar, Transnasional, Yellowstar Coach Travel Larkin Terminal ? Ipoh Amanjaya Bus Terminal: Azura Eusope Agensi, BE Express, City Express, Fame Pacific Sdn Bhd (BT16), Grassland Express, JB Transliner, KKKL Express, KPB Express JB, Maju Express, Nusan Enterprise, Pacific Express (JB), Pesat Cemerland Enterprise (Kejora Masyhur), S&S International (M) Express, Selat Keris Sdn Bhd, Sri Maju Group, Starmart Express, TC2 Transtar, Yellowstar Coach Travel Larkin Terminal ? Butterworth Bus Terminal: Azura Eusope Agensi, BE Express, City Express, Fame Pacific Sdn Bhd (BT16), Grassland Express, JB Transliner, KKKL Express, Konsortium Bas Ekspres (Malaysia), KPB Express JB, Nusan Enterprise, Pacific Express (JB), Pesat Cemerlang Enterprise (Kejora Mashyur), Selat Kris Sdn Bhd, TC2 Transtar, Yellowstar Coach Travel Larkin Terminal ? Melaka Bus Sentral: Delima Express, KKKL Express, Mayang Sari, S&S International (M) Express Larkin Terminal ? First World Bus Terminal, Genting Highlands: 707-Inc, JB Transliner, LA Holidays Larkin Terminal ? Kota Bahru Bus Terminal: Cepat & Cekap Express, Ekspress Mutiara, KKKL Sdn Bhd, Perdana Express, Transnasional Things You Can Find at Terminal Bas Larkin.What is there to do at Larkin Bus Terminal you ask? There are 50 bus bays that you can find at Larkin Sentral Bus Terminal located at the ground floor. If you are looking for the ticketing counters, they are located on Level 1 where plenty of shops available for your convenience while you are waiting to board your bus. There are ATM machines available in the station in case you forgot to with bring enough cash for your trip and pharmacy if you forgot to pack your medications. You can also find travel agency if you are looking to extend your holidays and beauty shops in the terminal to look good before you board the bus for your next trip. On top of that, the terminal provides luggage storage that is available from 7 AM to 10 PM with a fee of RM2 per item.One of our favourite subjects to discuss is food, so we would like to share some of the places you can make a grab a bite from before boarding. There are a couple of 24-hours fast food outlets namely McDonald’s, Pizza Hut, Kentucky Fried Chicken and Dunkin Donuts to satisfy your cravings at any time of the day. There are also other food spots at Larkin Bus Terminal food court on Level 3 if you are looking to get some local dishes in your system. You can find a variety of cheaper options for rice dishes, noodles and other snacks to fill your hungry tummies. You will never be hungry when you are at Larkin Sentral. The prayer room is also located over here at Level 3.
Check out the various coaches and routes that are available through the Larkin Bus Terminal online booking at Easybook.com. Skip all the traffic and hassle of queuing up just for a bus ticket in JB when you can do it at the comfort of your own home. Follow these simple steps on How To Book Your Bus Tickets and you are on your way to starting your journey. Alternatively, you can buy a bus ticket online for departures and arrivals at JB Larkin through our Easybook mobile app available on both Play Store and App Store for free. It is straight-forward and easy to use, so make sure you have Easybook in your bookmarks because you never know when you are going to need it next.

Change in bus boarding point at JB Sentral Terminal from 17 Nov 2019From 17 November 2019, the boarding and alighting point for West Zone bus services at JB Sentral Bus Terminal will be moved across the road, along Jalan Jim Quee. The new bus boarding point can be reached via an overhead bridge connected to KTM JB Sentral station ticket hall.Existing East Zone bus services, including cross-border routes 160, 170X and 950, will remain at the Terminal.West Zone (Zon Barat) East Zone (Zon Timur)Moved to Jalan Jim Quee (opposite Bus Terminal)	Remain at JB Sentral Bus Terminal Taman Perling, Taman Tun Aminah, Taman Selasa Jaya, Taman Universiti, Taman Nesa, Taman Teratai, Kangkar Pulai, Taman Pulai Indah, Gelang Patah, Seelong, Ulu Tebrau, Taman Puteri, Kulai, Senai Terminal Larkin, KSL City, Bandar Baru Uda, Taman Cempaka, Kempas, Permas Jaya, Legoland, Kota Iskandar, Johor Premium Outlets, Pengerang, Senai Airport, Masai, Kota Masai, Pasir Gudang, Ulu Tiram, Kota TinggiBus shelters and bus bays have been constructed along Jalan Jim Quee, directly opposite the bus terminal. The move is expected to alleviate current congestion at JB Sentral Terminal.

Man infected with Covid-19 travelled in bus from Johor Bahru to Kuantan Tens of thousands travelled back to their hometowns earlier this week despite the government’s appeal for them to stay put.PETALING JAYA: A passenger of an interstate bus has tested positive for Covid-19, prompting health authorities to urge those who were on the same trip to report to the nearest clinic for screening purposes.This comes as tens of thousands headed to their hometowns early this week despite appeals to stay at home as authorities battle a wave of new Covid-19 cases.It is understood that the passenger had undergone a Covid-19 screening in Johor Bahru, but did not quarantine himself. Instead, he boarded the bus to travel to Kuantan, during which time the test result returned.According to the Kuantan Health Department, the bus was a Plusliner express bus with the licence plate VDJ 2367, and the trip was on March 16, just a day before the government’s movement control order took effect.