The staff are very rude, especially in the customs. Laugh and talk loudly in the public; no social distancing during COVID-19; poor arrangement; not professional at all. Cleanliness is poor. The airport is full of dust.

Worst airport ever. I am an experienced traveller and have never been to an airport like it. Staff rude, unfriendly and unhelpful. Major problem being that there is a second security screening at the departure gate so you lose any water/snacks bought for the journey (which are always expensive). Once through the gate, there isn't even anywhere to buy water. There is a fountain (could have refilled an empty bottle had I been told). I have also learned from these reviews you can buy a security bag but was never told this, not even at point of purchase. Staff also rude about being asked for directions or help. In fairness, did not experience long queues but it is the covid 19 pandemic so there are few travelers.

 Beautiful airport that followed all the way through. The design is eye catching, resulting in wonderful acoustics in the the ticket hall. Great signage, easy and logical flow to check in to lounge to gate. Spotlessly clean. Great facilities. And for a domestic lounge a great array of shops to kill the time. Pleasant and efficient staff. Flight left on time. What more could you ask for!

 Staff is very rude. They do not have basic knowledge of customer service. They need to train the security staff in how to deal with the customers. Worst experience ever. Now will try not to fly with Malaysia airlines.

My family arrived at the KLIA2 at 8.20 am for a 11am flight to my hometown. The immigration was so slow, the queue was long and at the end, we cut the queue because it’s already boarding time and we didn’t make it through the immigration. Say sorry to everyone waiting in the line and showed them our boarding pass. Not just that, I think the staff are pretty bad too. At least one staff deliberately put hassle to passengers, making problems that didn’t even exist. I know KLIA2 is for low-cost carriers but I don’t think such a thing can be done by airport staff. That day, not only us who were cutting the lines and rushing through gates just to make sure we don’t miss the flight. Thank God we didn’t miss the flight. But I really do not wish to use KLIA2 anymore. It was my 1st experience with KLIA2 and maybe the last if they don’t do something about it. KLIA2 management should think about how to improve this. The duty-free shops are useless because people take too long time at immigration and they end up rushing to the gates rather than strolling and do some more shopping. This is stupid, very stupid I think to let this kind of thing happen.

The recent “technical glitch” at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport (KLIA) should serve as a wake-up call for stakeholders, especially airport operators to have precautionary measures in place to ensure such incidents do no recur.

Cybersecurity expert Lieutenant-Colonel Ahmad Ghazali Abu Hassan said as the focal point of the country’s tourism industry, the country’s main airport should have had a contingency plan in place.

“Even though the glitch was not the work of hackers, it should serve as a wake-up call because it says a lot about our airport efficiency.

“We can’t rely on computer systems without having a back-up system and a contingency plan to prepare for such an eventuality,” he told the New Straits Times (NST).

Citing the recent chaos at the Hong Kong International Airport that saw hundreds of passengers stranded due to a protest, Ghazali said disruption at Malaysia’s main airport would cast a bad light on the nation.

“It’s simple. When such a thing happens, people will start telling others ‘don’t travel or transit to KLIA’.

“What will happen to our tourism industry then?

“We have the Visit Malaysia Year 2020 coming up and this would create a negative image of us.”

The anti-government protest in Hong Kong saw about 180 flights cancelled when protesters swarmed the arrival hall and departure areas at one of the world’s busiest airports.

The KLIA and klia2 network service disruption was first detected last Wednesday and speculation was rife it was a cyberattack, a suggestion that was dismissed by the National Cyber Security Agency (NACSA).

However, Ghazali, who is a lecturer at the National Defence University, said every country in the world was exposed to such threats.

“What’s important is for us to have a plan to stop the same incident from recurring because there are hackers everywhere in this world.

“While some of them have motives, others simply like doing it to challenge themselves.

“And since they are Internet savvy, hacking into an airport system is an easy task.

“Look at what happened to Estonia in 2007. They lost hundreds of millions of dollars in just a few days.”

In 2007, following a disputed relocation of the Soviet-era Bronze Soldier monument, Estonia endured a series of systematic cyberattacks that has been acknowledged as the world’s first cyberwar.

The political dispute sparked civil protests that led to the official websites of the Estonian Parliament, ministries, banks and newspapers going offline.

The incident served as a wake-up call for the small Baltic nation that was a digitally-advanced society at the time, which led to Estonia adopting a cybersecurity strategy by setting up small databases instead of having one big government database.

“We should have learnt from others and have a back-up system in place, instead of waiting for something to happen first.”

KLIA was officially opened in 1998 and it was said that the airport’s system and equipment had not been upgraded since its opening.

However, a network security expert rubbished the claim, saying that it was preposterous to say that the network hardware equipment had not been upgraded, especially since the disruption also involved klia2, which became fully operational 16 years later.

Speaking on condition of anonymity, the expert said this was because such equipment, which served as the backbone of the Local Area Network and public Wide Area Network, was “required to be upgraded in meeting the demand of today’s system”.

The NST, on Saturday, reported that the system disruption could be due to a cyberattack.

Malaysia Airports Holdings Bhd (MAHB), in an immediate response, denied such a claim, describing it as “totally untrue”.

NACSA, an agency under the National Security Council, said preliminary findings by MAHB indicated that the disruption was due to network equipment failure and it would continue to monitor and conduct investigations with related agencies.

Veteran journalist Datuk A. Kadir Jasin called on the MAHB top management to take responsibility for the system failure at both terminals.

He said the incident could put MAHB’s monopoly of the nation’s airport industry on a rocky road.

“There are bound to be challenges to its hegemony. With 39 airports in the country under its belt, MAHB could have been fed (or bitten) more that it could chew,” he wrote on his blog in his personal capacity at kadirjasin.blogspot.com.

He challenged those who think they can do a better job than MAHB to “put in their bids to make a commercial success out of any of the money-losing (albeit subsidised) airports in the country”.

The disruption, which began on Wednesday night, affected airport systems, including the flight information display system, check-in counters, baggage handling systems and WiFi connection.

The situation worsened as almost two dozen flights were delayed the following day.

Nearly 1,000 staff members were immediately deployed to assist passengers and airlines.

Checks by the NST on Saturday, however, found that local and foreign passengers were satisfied with their check-in process.

Despite being warned of the disruption, passengers said their flights were either still on time or delayed for about an hour. 
