

Earlier today, 6 February, Health Minister Dr Dzulkefly Ahmad announced that a Canadian citizen who collapsed at KLCC yesterday has tested negative for the new coronavirus from China

The 17-year-old Canadian teenager who was admitted to the Kuala Lumpur Hospital on Wednesday has since been discharged and allowed to leave the hospital, he added.

"The good news is that her case has nothing to do with 2019-nCoV. She has already been discharged from hospital," Dr Dzulkefly said at a press conference in Putrajaya, according to The Star.


It was previously reported that the teenager is a boy

However, news reports have now clarified that the Canadian citizen is a girl who had arrived into the country from Indonesia on Tuesday, 4 February, with her family.

According to The Star, she and her family were residing in Shanghai, China for the past 15 years.


It was also announced that confirmed cases of the novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) infections in the country have now risen to 14

One of the newly confirmed cases involves a 40-year-old woman who is the sister to the 41-year-old man from Selangor. The Selangor resident became the first Malaysian to test positive for the coronavirus.

In a statement posted on the Ministry of Health's official Twitter page on Thursday, 6 February, Dr Dzulkefly said that the woman had direct contact with her brother.

"She developed a fever and sore throat on 1 February and started coughing on 4 February. As soon as her brother was found to be positive, she was traced by the ministry officials," read the statement.

"She sought treatment and tested positive for 2019-nCoV on 5 February. Currently, she is at the isolation ward at Hospital Sultanah Bahiyah in Alor Setar and is in a stable condition."


As of today, 28,335 people have been infected with the virus globally

Of which, a total of 1,262 confirmed cases have recovered, with one of them being in Malaysia.
Malaysian health authorities on Wednesday (Feb 5) confirmed new cases of the coronavirus in two Malaysians who were flown back from Wuhan on Tuesday, bringing the total confirmed cases in the country to 12.

The two latest victims are a 45-year-old man and his nine-year-old son, Health Minister Dzulkefly Ahmad told a news conference in Putrajaya.

They had been flown back on a special AirAsia flight which transported 107 Malaysians and their family members from Wuhan, the epicentre of the coronavirus outbreak.

The two patients are currently in the isolation ward at Hospital Tuanku Jaafar, Seremban, and are in stable condition.

Meanwhile, a suspected case of the coronavirus was also reported at the Kuala Lumpur City Centre (KLCC) complex that houses the Petronas Twin Towers on Wednesday.

A 17-year old Canadian national was suspected to be infected with the virus at the KLCC area and taken to Kuala Lumpur Hospital.

Dr Dzulkefly said that as a precaution, a team in full protective suits had been dispatched to the location at the time.

“We are not taking any chances,” he said.

Meanwhile, a young Chinese national has recovered from the coronavirus infection in Malaysia, and is allowed to return home, Health Ministry director general Noor Hisham Abdullah said late on Tuesday (Feb 4).

The four-year-old is the first patient in Malaysia to have recovered from the virus, and tested negative for the disease twice.

"She is now in good health and has been allowed to return home," he said.

Health minister Dr Dzulkefly said the girl recovered without being prescribed with any special drugs.
He said, according to Malaysiakini news site, the virus is a self-limiting disease which will eventually be overcome by a healthy immune system.

"We didn't use any other drugs, HIV drugs and so on," he told the press conference.

The child was diagnosed last week and treated in an isolation ward at a hospital in Langkawi.

Malaysia had on Tuesday recorded its first case of the coronavirus in a Malaysian, who had attended a business meeting in Singapore in mid-January, which also had several international delegates present, including from Wuhan.

A 38-year-old South Korean who had a meal with the Malaysian man in Singapore was also confirmed to be infected by Korean authorities on Wednesday.

To tamp down on wild speculation over the virus, Malaysian authorities have been chasing down the spread of fake news with a journalist charged in court on Wednesday with three counts of making statements on the virus on her Facebook account which can disrupt the public peace.
Wan Noor Hayati Wan Alias, 41, pleaded not guilty to knowingly making statements on the coronavirus with the intention to cause public fear.

She faces a maximum two years' imprisonment, or a fine, or both, if convicted.

Malaysia's Attorney-General Tommy Thomas said those who spread lies over the coronavirus on the Internet would be investigated and charged if there is sufficient evidence.“I take very seriously the incredible volume of lies relating to the coronavirus epidemic gripping the attention of Malaysians, and, indeed, across the globe, and the AGC (Attorney-General Chambers) is determined to prevent the spread of false statements.

"Our health authorities must be allowed to deal with the problem in a calm and measured manner, without having to cope with extraneous matters, ” he said in a statement on Wednesday (Feb 5).

A total of 13 investigation papers have been opened over the spread of fake news on the virus via social media sites, Deputy Inspector General of Police Mazlan Mansor said.
Qasidah Noh Salleh, 35, has been working from home since the Movement Control Order (MCO) was enforced on March 18.

Yesterday, she finally left for her office, which has opened under the Conditional Movement Control Order.

After more than 40 days of not taking the Light Rail Transit and Mass Rapid Transit, she said she was afraid of being outdoors amid the Covid-19 pandemic.
Qasidah, who works as a customer service employee at a government agency, takes the LRT from the Taman Melati station to Pasar Seni, where she switches to the MRT line and travels to the Kwasa Sentral station.

"I was a bit scared to leave my house. I left at 5am to avoid the crowds. Luckily, there were not many passengers at that time.

"I have to see what the after-office hour crowd is like. If there are too many passengers, I will go home later," she said at the Pasar Seni MRT station.

She said she was wearing a face mask and using as much hand sanitiser as she could the moment she left her house.

She added that her office provided face shields for employees dealing with customers.

Sales assistant Rathika Balakrishnan, 29, said she felt safe travelling on the MRT from the Merdeka station in Jalan Hang Jebat to Pasar Seni for work.

Rathika, who lives at Flat Sri Sarawak, said she was glad that Prasarana was screening passengers before allowing them into the stations.
"Prasarana staff also reminded us to put on face masks. They are making our health and wellbeing a priority and that makes me feel safe."

Checks by the New Straits Times found that Prasarana had made it compulsory for passengers to have their temperatures checked and provided hand sanitiser for passengers before they entered the station.

All passengers entering and leaving the Bukit Bintang MRT station were seen wearing face masks and adhering to instructions given by personnel and auxiliary police.

In the trains, passengers appeared mindful of the social distancing ruling where they are to occupy one seat and vacate those with stickers pasted.

Many stayed as far away as they could from others.

Prasarana acting chief executive officer Muhammad Nizam Alias said 95 per cent of passengers wore face masks and adopted social distancing.

The number of passengers at the platforms was controlled, he said, adding that passengers were allowed to board the trains in small groups to avoid overcrowding.

"However, MRT trains, for example, have many doors and we need passengers to remind others against standing too close to one another and refrain from entering if it is full.

"It is important for passengers to wear face masks to minimise their risks as they are travelling in a confined space."

Nizam said in anticipation of social distancing practice and a spike in passengers, the peak hours in the morning and evening have been extended as the trains cannot take in many passengers.

The peak hours are now from 7am to 11am and 4pm to 7pm and the train frequencies are between three and six minutes to boost capacity.

"This is a new norm where passengers must be ready to wait a little longer.
A station link to KLCC Petronas twin tower and Avenue K shopping mall.
Crowded during peak hours because the location is very convinient for everyone that is working nearby. So for shoppers and visitors, may try to avoid morning, noon and evening session. Reload and info counter is available.

"They should also plan alternative travel modes because we cannot carry the same number of passengers like before.
Epic selections of food of your choice. Delicious cook and prepared to order... Local Food, Western Food, Asian Food and assorted icy cold drinks...
We have visited on our last night in Kuala Lumpur and it was really worth it. Good vibe, nice cheap food, not far from Petronas Towers, walkable distance.
Right beside Hotel Corus. Near KLCC. Came here for the first time during our 4 days 3 nights stay at KL end of last year. You'll be spoilt for choice! Alot of (hipster) food and drinks. Especially have to try the Mac & Cheese Burger and Coconut shake! We will come again this year. Can't wait!!
We read about this 'food court' concept, and since it was close to Petronas Towers, decided to visit after our dusk trip up the Tower.

There was a wide choice of food, but we eventually settled on Nasi Lemak Factory. Everything was cooked to order, so there was a few minutes for us to grab some drinks (from the mango stall). Food was really good, especially the whole battered squid!	
Definitely a must-go when in KL, a place to dine delectable, mouth-watering treats in an urban setting.




"We encourage employers to have flexible working hours so that their staff can clock in a little later to avoid crowding LRT and MRT stations between 7am and 9am."

Nizam said: "Perhaps employers can allow them to go in between 9am and 11am as we still have good train frequencies during those hours."