Useful Tip
Conservative dress codes will need to be adhered to when entering places of worship such as mosques (some mosques that are popular or historic will have robes available if you are not properly attired). Shoes must be removed when entering a mosque or temple

Masjid Jamek


Jamek Mosque is one of the oldest mosques in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. It is located at the confluence of the Klang and Gombak River and was designed by Arthur Benison Hubback. Jamek Mosque is currently closed for renovations from November 6, 2012 to March 5, 2013. Dewan Bandaraya Kuala Lumpur states that all activities inside the mosque would be stopped and the site of the mosque are closed for safety reasons. The Sultan of Selangor officially opened the mosque in 1909, two years after construction was completed.

The mosque was built on the first Malay burial ground in the city. Before the national mosque, Masjid Negara, was opened in 1965, Masjid Jamek served as Kuala Lumpur's main mosque. he mosque has a Moorish architecture. Across the Gombak River stands the Sultan Abdul Samad Building, a building that was designed by the same architect and shares a similar style. Nearby is the Masjid Jamek LRT station that is served by the Kelana Jaya Line, Sri Petaling Line and Ampang Line. The station is located between Chinatown and Little India; Dataran Merdeka is also nearby.


Getting There
To get to the mosque, firstly, you need to take the KL-Monorail to Hang Tuah Station. There, transfer to the Star LRT and you will reach the Masjid Jamek Station which situated a stone's away from the mosque.
there are two citin hotel one in bukit bintang and second is in citin masjid jamek where it is very near in lrt station and the station is masjid jamek station.we are in the masjid jamek located but it can take 10 to 15 minutes going to bukit bintang where it is the center of malaysia. our room (we're two in room) is very nice and clean and everything is well functional. but the other room where my friends located has small room because it is located on the side of the building and their room's door in not function well. you have to pray before you open the door because it cant easily open and when you are inside it is clean but too small because it was locate at the side of the building even their volt where they can put their important things is not function also. but the front desk assist us very well. thank you so muc
Long lead time needed for bookings over popular local holiday periods



PETALING JAYA: The entrance to the Masjid Jamek LRT station next to the enhanced movement control order (MCO) area has been temporarily sealed off.

Rapid Rail Sdn Bhd said the exit and entry point next to OCBC Bank and Bank Muamalat would remain closed until April 28.

However, commuters can continue using the other entrance next to Masjid Jamek.

It added in a statement on Thursday (April 16) that LRT services would continue to run according to the hours of operation under the movement control order (MCO).

Users of the Kelana Jaya or Ampang-Sri Petaling line will only be able to change trains at the Masjid Jamek LRT Station Plaza.

Those who want to go to East Sentul are advised to use the connection tunnel at the station to change lines and to exit or enter the station next to the mosque.

Customer service officers and auxiliary police will be stationed in the area to help.

These steps were taken to help authorities reduce the movement of civilians in the affected area.

Rapid Rail reminded the public to follow the rules during the MCO, to maintain social distancing and to plan their journeys accordingly.

Those seeking more information can visit Rapid KL's social media accounts or call the helpline at 03-7885 2585.

