Ni user review hehe xd https://www.sleepinginairports.net/reviews/johor-bahru-senai-airport-reviews.htm

This is our second time sleep at Senai Airport JHB. Since we arrived almost past midnight, instead of go to the city, we prefer to sleep in this airport. The only available benches are in front of KFC & Subway (they already closed past 2200), but only 4 long benches with side armrest. We took one bench each so we can fully lying our body. AirCon in the airport looks like turned off in the midnight, but the lights are dazzled. You have to cover your eyes to sleep. Its location also near toilets, but without shower if I am not mistake. For WiFi, we have struggled to connect our devices. So we use our own hotspot to online.
There are praying room also with men and women separated. Spacious room and warm, but on 0530 you have to wake up because moslem staffs & passengers have to do Subuh praying.
If you want some food at midnight, just walk 300meters outside airport. There is McDonald and next to it, there is Afra Restaurant and 7-11 that open 24hrs.
Overall, it was a pleasant sleep at Senai Airport.

Had a 7am flight in early Oct 2015, so decided to arrive the night before and have myself a restful sleep in the airport to be ready for 5am check-in. Getting to the airport in the late evening by public bus was the biggest challenge: from Johor Baru Larkin bus terminal here were no airport shuttles after 5pm, but I managed to get the last bus at 8pm to Senai, the closest town to the airport. Seems buses only go to the airport mid-morning, so I coughs a cab for 15R the last 5km, quick and easy. Bonus: there are a few 24hr restaurants just beside the airport you can walk to (mostly fast food chains but big comfy ones). The airport itself is small, and as the other reviewer pointed out, there are only 5 small benches, which were all occupied at 10pm when I arrived. There is however a long, empty enclosed HALLWAY connecting the parking lot to the terminal, in which people were spread out and napping on the ground. When you come in through the main front entrance, the hallway is to the left side of the main atrium. Having 10 hours to kill, my girlfriend and I decided to pitch our small camping TENT in a corner of the hallway! An hour later we were sleeping, and after the vacuuming background noise ceased around midnight, they turned out the lights. Nobody disturbed us all night. A security guard politely tapped on our tent as we were packing up around 5am, and I said we'd be moving-on in a few minutes. Easy and comfortable! I'm surprised they tolerated our 'camping out', but it's a small and chill airport so you can probably sleep however you like, granted you do it discreetly. If you just lay out on the floor you will also be fine – there's plenty of room in that long hallway.

Terminal A, International – Difficult to get around at night. Poor signage. VAT refund offices close early with the last one at 9pm or so. Long queue. Not very polite. Eventually boarded the plane but had no departure stamp!

A small modern domestic airport serving Malaysia. Just refurbished and it is quite good for a domestic airport. Plans are proposed to make Senai rival Changi :). Lots of shops, but in the late evening, the lights can be quite dim, and that could be either good or bad. Overall, this is a modern domestic airport hat is somewhat good to sleep in .