I always like to fly from KL Subang airport to Singapore Changi airport as it is less crowded and less stressful than flying from KLIA1 of KLIA2. Once I was caught at the KLIA1 airport with about 600 people waiting to clear immigration. It was so stressful as some have to cut cue so as not to miss their flight. Subang airport is such a breeze as there is hardly a line at the immigration counter.
When I entered the Firefly Turbo Prop aircraft, I noticed the refurbished seats, in black and red. Looks great and welcoming. When I sat down, I immediately felt the comfort. It is one on the better economy class seats. The place left on time and fly off immediately as there was no cue for aircraft taking off. We arrived at Seletar airport 15 minutes ahead of time as there was no cue landing the aircraft too. The captain took off and landed the plane perfectly. I was surprised to see a lady Captain. I spoke with her and I can feel she loves flying and she really enjoys what she is doing.
This is the first time I landed at Seletar airport. At present, it handles few aircrafts. The airport is newly renovated. Looks cheerful and peaceful. Clearing immigration and customs was a breeze. We were out in 10 minutes.
Flying from KL via Subang airport and arriving at Singapore Seletar airport is so much less stressful. I really like the small town feel of these two smaller airports. Highly recommended.

Booked this flight as it was with the most convenient timing for me. Arrived about 2 hours to departure but check-in counter not opened, they only open 1 hour 30 minutes before departure. Flight departed and arrived on time. Aircraft old but the seat covers had just been changed so cabin looked refreshed. Good service from
crew. Happy with experience.

The flight was only 30 minutes so was over before you got settled into your seat but orange juice or water was served. The price for my flights was really good and was the cheapest. The people travelling solo had an empty seat next to door and everyone was spaced out evenly.
I have been on Qantas where there have been rows but have put me next to stranger instead of a seat on my own.


The spread of the coronavirus has had a tremendous impact on the travel industry.

With a vast majority of flights grounded to stop the international spread of the virus, major airports like Singapore and Dubai have seen passenger volumes plummet.

Airports continue to incur fixed costs for maintaining the infrastructure. Their burden is even greater because partners such as retail outlets and airlines have been given breaks in terms of rentals and reduced parking and other fees, respectively.

Though governments might share the costs burden of airports in the short term, it remains to be seen how long they will stomach such a responsibility.

A BLACK SWAN EVENT THAT HAS ONLY GOTTEN WORSE

Admittedly, the current crisis was a black swan type of event that could not have been anticipated. 

It was barely a few months ago in December 2019 that the International Air Transport Authority (IATA) had predicted profits of US$29.3 billion for airlines in 2020.
We should anticipate that, going forward, the future will be very challenging for airport hubs like Singapore and Dubai because the air travel industry may take a long time to come back to the passenger volumes it enjoyed before the eruption of the pandemic.

There is a distinct possibility passenger volumes may never return to pre COVID-19 levels. Even the financially strong Changi Airport (with share capital and reserves at S$3.54 billion and retained profits of S$4.29 billion in the last financial year) is treading carefully.

Changi Airport announced on Tuesday (May 12) it will suspend Terminal 4 operations until a sufficient number of flights resume at the terminal. It had earlier announced in April a suspension of Terminal 2 operations for 18 months.

The huge uncertainty has shaken projections of the prospects for air travel. In March, based on a scenario of extensive spread of the virus, IATA projected a 19 per cent loss in revenues for airlines in 2020, equating to US$113 billion. They revised that estimate to US$314 billion barely a few weeks later.

According to a Dollar Flight Club survey, as many as 60 per cent of consumers in the US feel comfortable travelling internationally in the second half of the year, if travel restrictions are lifted. About 45 per cent have a trip booked and have not cancelled yet. 

The same source predicted a 35 per cent decline in prices through 2021, and a 27 per cent increase on average through 2025 (versus the base of 2020 prices).

WORSE THAN THE GLOBAL FINANCIAL CRISIS

Some of these projections were based on the experience of the global financial crisis and the 9/11 attacks but I remain far less sanguine about the prospects of air travel in general and airport hubs in particular.

A unique aspect of this coronavirus crisis is that it is primarily a public health crisis, which will leave psychological scars on the health risks of traveling and potentially catching the virus. 

Even if the mortality rates turn out to be low in the long run, public perceptions about the health hazards of COVID-19 may not change quickly or easily.

Although cooped-up-at-home leisure travelers are keener than ever to ditch the growing cabin fever and go explore the world, they are unlikely do so if it jeopardises their health, not to mention if traveling involves them being quarantined for weeks once they’ve touched down at their destination. 

There are also two additional factors at work.

First, although youths travel the most out of any given demographic, the elderly form a sizable proportion of leisure travelers who take longer vacations. Extensive travel forms an important of the retirement plan for many retirees.

Regardless of the overall mortality rate of the COVID-19 virus, there is an overwhelming scientific consensus the virus is more dangerous if seniors contract it. If the elderly stay away from leisure travel, this will affect overall leisure travel demand tremendously.

Second, regulatory policies for travel post COVID-19 are not yet clear. There is a school of thought which argues post COVID-19, airlines will be forced to keep middle seats empty for social distancing.

That is likely to lead to higher prices. Basic economic principles suggest higher prices would dampen demand for air travel.

This dynamic runs against the grain of the last several years, during which airlines were packing an ever larger number of passengers into each of their flights.

BUSINESS TRAVEL ISN’T LOOKING GOOD EITHER

Turning to business travel, I am again cautious about the long term demand and projections of a rebound for several reasons.
4
Disappointed with bad service
Review of DFS Singapore Changi Airport
Reviewed 12 October 2018 via mobile

Utterly disgusted by the service level given by DFS in Singapore Changi Airport. So much for being one of the best airport, SINGAPORE.

Less than 20mins of a purchase of a bottle of whiskey.. i went to collect my luggage bag from the first lane of baggage belt right outside the shop. The handle of my luggage gave way and the bottle hit the floor and broke right beside DFS shop. i went back into the shop and ask if i can get a replacement as it was an unintentional accident. Without any empathy i'm given a harsh "NO"

The reason and exact words was:
"The bottle broke outside the shop and we cannot give you a replacement. "

If i have walked out from the customs and broke the bottle, i would accept it without a second word. I'm hardly 50mtrs away from ur counter and you gave your own Singaporean the harsh treatment which disappoints me alot.

SO MUCH FOR SERVICE. IM ASHAMED OF YOU

Yes, i can afford to buy a new bottle which i did and you DO NOT earn any respect from me.
Terrible Service and No Product Knowledge
"Visited DFS at Terminal 4 to buy cigars. The staff had zero product knowledge other than to point out where the cigars are. Not permitted to check condition of cigar prior to purchase. I could do so at DFS in Terminal 2 and 3. The staff said if the cigar condition was bad, I can send in a complaint later. WTF! Requests to talk to a manager was refused. Staff rolled her eyes and just walked away. Absolutely terrible customer service with no product knowledge."
Poor service at the Cosmetics & Perfume DFS TERMINAL 4
"During a Saturday evening at 8pm, the cashiers were inefficient and rude towards customers queueing to pay. One of the machines had broken down for card payment yet the “auntie” cashier kept me waiting in front of it for 20 minutes and then redirected me to her colleague, I was then told to wait again for them to serve other customers.
Her name is June Quah and she offers no apology for inconvenience caused to customers. Changi Airport duty free staff need to really step it up in order to maintain world class service for the world class Airport."