Skudai Parade Shopping Complex is also capable of catering to a population approximately half a million within a 20-kilometre radius. It is also near to schools, higher institutions of learning and hotels. It is easily accessible to an estimated 470,000 people residing in residential estates such as Taman Ungku Tun Aminah, Taman Impian Emas,Taman University, Taman Skudai Baru, Taman Bandar Putra and Taman Indahpura and Taman Bukit Kempas, Ulu Choh, Pulai & Senai Areas.Skudai Parade Shopping Complex currently enjoys an occupancy rate of more than 80% – taken up by a mix of tenants offering products and services catering to the young and old. A popular supermarket – Econsave, is anchored on the Lower Ground Floor together with a pharmacy, restaurant-café and few food outlets. A newly-refurbished KFC restaurant is located at the front façade of the Complex.Skudai Parade is therefore positioning itself not just to attract a better mix of the population but to attract shoppers from beyond the surrounding residential areas. The Management of Skudai Parade is confident that with the renewed robustness, the Shopping Complex will continue to be a very competitive retailing and shopping arena in Johor Bahru.Store and Entertainment 
Mr. D.I.Y. and other clothing, fashion & accessories, footwear, eyewear, hair-salons can mainly be found on the Ground Floor (Level 1).Head to the Motorcycle City on the Upper Ground Floor (Level 2) if you are looking to buy a new motor-bike.More shops and offices, including a church, are located on the 3rd and 4th Floor.On the 5th Floor, the Food Court, a halal food-court complemented by a Malay Bazaar is opened for business. Already a popular attraction with the younger crowds is the newly revamped Big Roller Blade Skating Centre with newequipments, new decorations and new Management.In addition to the full-fledge LFS Cinema, unlike the other Cineplex set-up, the Cinema is tailor-built with 4 Standard Screens that could accommodate a total seating capacity of 1,200 seats and 24-Lane Skudai Bowling Alley, more entertainment outlets have been planned for Level 6 of the Complex.  NAV Karaoke A modern and up-to-the-trend Family Karaoke City with comfortable family rooms is opening now. Come and visit our Universal Bowling today for a game with your friends, challenge, or plan your club activities.

Public Transportation to Skudai Parade in Johor BaharuWondering how to get to Skudai Parade in Johor Baharu, Malaysia? Moovit helps you find the best way to get to Skudai Parade with step-by-step directions from the nearest public transit station.Moovit provides free maps and live directions to help you navigate through your city. View schedules, routes, timetables, and find out how long does it take to get to Skudai Parade in real time.Looking for the nearest stop or station to Skudai Parade? Check out this list of stops closest to your destination: Perling Mall Bus Hub; Persisiran Perling.You can get to Skudai Parade by Bus.Want to see if there’s another route that gets you there at an earlier time? Moovit helps you find alternative routes or times. Get directions from and directions to Skudai Parade easily from the Moovit App or Website.We make riding to Skudai Parade easy, which is why over 720 million users, including users in Johor Baharu, trust Moovit as the best app for public transit. You don’t need to download an individual bus app or train app, Moovit is your all-in-one transit app that helps you find the best bus time or train time available.

Skudai Parade Shopping Complex.Located along the busy Jalan Skudai and just about 1km from the Skudai Interchange, Skudai Parade is a multi-million ringgit retail centre and has been an evergreen attraction for the last 10 years. It is managed by Sineo Management Sdn. Bhd.
The retail complex has the benefit of a high traffic exposure ( 150,000 vehicles passing by daily ) from the main road and is opposite the JB Central Municipal Council ( MBJBT ), the Skudai Police Station and the busy township of Taman Ungku Tun Aminah & Sri Putri. Spreading over 9 acres of prime land with more than 300 retail shops on a multi-level shopping podium, two residential apartment blocks and parking bays of more than 1,400 cars.

The floods are rising JOHOR BAHRU: A total of 12 victims from three families from Kampung Batu Batu 10, near here, have been placed in a temporary evacuation center (PPS) after their home was hit by a flash flood this afternoon.State Health, Environment, Education and Information Committee chairman Datuk Ayub Rahmat said the PPS was opened at the Batu 10 National School, near 9pm last night.He said the victims were displaced by four adult men, three adult women and five children."However, a relief center at Block 18 Multipurpose Village, Kampung Paya Kenangan, Tebrau Cemetery here, which is set to house seven flood victims was closed at 9.40pm last night," he said.Earlier, heavy rains had taken over an hour since 3.30pm, causing several areas around the city including four villages to experience flash floods.
Among the affected areas include Maju Jaya Village, Skudai Sea Village, Skudai Road (near Skudai Parade), Paya Kenangan Village and Tebrau Cancer Village. less people and shop A very quiet and an outdated shopping complex.
Bad place to hang out.. don't ever go there again..the place looks haunted... Only below 30 percent outlets is open, nothing to do Quiet place Look like its going to close soon Dirty place, bad smells everywhere, elevators are not maintained well. Go somewhere else.
Very old mall. Nothing much here Dying place This place is in dire state. Needs repair & renovation. Feels eerie. Nothing special Lack of branded shop lots. Below average facilities. Questionable presence especially after Paradigm Mall has opened. Too quite. Not intresting
Worst maintenance Worst place