It doesn't even look like an airport. More like a shopping mall. Lots and lots of restaurants and shops, but hard to find check-in counters. They are located in the distant corner, not close to the departures, like it's not the main thing here. Only after you get to the waiting area, you see that this is the airport - nothing inside, just a couple expensive shops with awful food and high prices. Well, at least there is 7-11 in domestic departures. Boarding is a mess. Lots of planes, lots of people, no information. They check the ticket and say: go right. On the right you see a hundred people and 5-6 planes. Everyone is running around because they don't know which plane do they need. Just a terrible experience. From check-in to boarding.

I can't remember when the last time I was here, but nevertheless it was a pleasant surprise to use the airport again. Many places to have food and the atmosphere was pleasant. Just one thing that I disliked was the toilet in the common area. It was really smelly and should be dealt with immediately.

I used the Subang Skypark Terminal for the first time on 14th October 2018. An encounter with a rude staff member at the baggage screening area spoilt the experience for me. At about 9.30 am, I queued up to place my carry-on luggage into a tray for screening. Assuming that the contents of the tray (with my identification documents) would be visually inspected and the tray moved along the conveyor belt by a staff, as required in many airports around the world, I proceeded to walk through the metal detecting arch. I was stopped by a female officer in her 20s who in an aggressive voice, asked, “Mana IC? [Where is your (Malaysian) identification card?]”. I returned to my tray to get my identification card and then walked up to the same officer who said loudly, in the earshot of everyone at the screening area , “Siapa tolak beg u? [Who is pushing your bag?]". I was startled by the hostility and before I could make some sense of the situation, she yelled in a louder tone at me, “One by one!”. To provide context, I am a Malaysian national who has lived abroad for 16 years. It was my fourth day back in Malaysia after several years and I was not familiar, especially as a first-time user of the Subang airport, with the current local procedure or practice at the baggage screening area. Regardless of this, the officer’s aggression was uncalled for. I am writing this not to shame, but to stress and remind of the importance of a professional, polite and courteous service and conduct, especially for people-facing roles in airports. Security check work may be hard and stressful, but that does not excuse rude behaviour loaded with a baggage of anger, prejudice and presumptions by a person in uniform. I urge the management to work with the relevant departments and authorities to improve staff training in professionalism and etiquette.

This is my second trip using this Airport. This is a far superior experience when compared to the main international airport KLIA especially at the immigration Department. The staff are friendly and helpful. It took us less than 10 minutes to clear immigration and custom. The airport is clean and free wifi is provided. I would highly recommend this airport if you are travelling within Malaysia or South East Asia.

This used to be the 'old' airport for all departures from KL, but after this trip I realised this airport isn't old at all. In fairness, the upgrades have given Subang a good uplifting and made the airport hassle-free for passengers. There's a good restaurant upstairs serving hot food. We didn't have any difficulty getting to the gate and we got there with time to spare. Signage was good, airport check-in and security not too difficult to clear. For local and regional departures, Subang would be the airport I will consider from now on.
