
1.Bus station TBS (Terminal Bersepadu Selatan) in Kuala Lumpur
This page is automatically created by the automated computer text translator, and originally written in Russian (Переведено сервисом «Яндекс.Переводчик»). The original version of this page in Russian is located here. We are apologize for any possible inaccurate and incorrect translation of certain phrases and expressions below.

    More information about Kuala Lumpur:
    General information, weather, seasons
    Hotels and Kuala Lumpur, where to stay
    How to get to Kuala Lumpur
    Bus and railway station of Kuala Lumpur
    Transport Kuala Lumpur
    The Attractions Of Kuala Lumpur
    Map Of Kuala Lumpur

POPULAR TICKETS
✈ GMT-Kuala Lumpur ⇄ 15 021₽
✈ GMT-Penang ⇄ 31 773₽
✈ GMT-Langkawi ⇄ from 33 302₽
✈ GMT-Kota Kinabalu ⇄ 36 192₽
✈ GMT-Singapore ⇄ 29 711₽
✈ NSB-Singapore ⇄ 29 790₽

In 2015 most flights, long distance bus routes from Kuala Lumpur moved from Pudu Sentral bus terminal to bus terminal, TBS (Terminal Bersepadu Selatan). It's not just the bus station, and a transport terminal, through which also the city subway, commuter trains, airport, metro, city buses.

The website of the bus station: http://www.tbsbts.com.my/
БлокировщикОтображение блокируется расширением Adblock Plus или аналогами
Отключите Adblock и перезагрузите страницу, чтобы форма отображалась. Извините за неудобства
Infrastructure bus station TBS
Терминал TBS внутри

The bus station is huge, and it has the same amenities and services as many airports: ATMs, a mother and child waiting room, Luggage storage, hotel, food court (cafe). For tourists and travelers will be very helpful: information center, vending machines, ticket service, currency exchange. The currency exchange in terminal two, they work from 7.30 am to 22:00.

Buy tickets at the station ticket offices or automatic terminals. There is also a terminal to verify the reservation of e-tickets and printing them out.
Where it is possible to leave from the station TBS
Popular for tourists from domestic operations:

    The island of Penang and the city of Butterworth (Butterworth)
    Langkawi island (bus to Kuala Perlis, then ferry)
    Malacca
    Johor Bahru (Johor Bahru)
    Cameron highlands (Cameron Highlands)
    Pangkor island (bus to Lumut, then ferry)
    The island of Tioman and Rawa o (bus to Mersing then the ferry)
    Perhentian island and Redang island (via Kuala Terengganu)

Popular international destinations:

    Singapore
    Hat Yai in Thailand. In the city of hat Yai, you can take a bus, train, plane to anywhere in Thailand.

Detailed schedule and ticket reservation is available on the website http://www.tbsbts.com.mycan also help to book the tickets through the search form:

🔍 Search

💲 Pay the ticket online

✉ Will receive an itinerary receipt by email

🚌 Arrive to departure
БлокировщикОтображение блокируется расширением Adblock Plus или аналогами
Отключите Adblock и перезагрузите страницу, чтобы форма отображалась. Извините за неудобства
ⓘWhen searching for tickets on buses and trains for 12go.asia pay attention to the ranking of tickets/carriers (marked with asterisks on a five-point scale) and the reviews of actual users who traveled on this route. Selecting carriers with the highest rated according to user reviews, you will protect yourself from possible problems during the trip.
How to get from TBS to Kuala Lumpur

The bus station is located far from the center of the city, almost at the edge of it (the TBS on the map of Kuala Lumpur). But fortunately, next to the TBS via a pedestrian bridge train station BTS (Bandar Tasik Selatan), with which the city centre can be reached by the suburban metro station KTM Komuter, LRT, metro urban, metro from the airport KLIA Transit (see transportation in Kuala Lumpur, than to move on). For tourists the most convenient to get on the LRT Ampang line, because you can drive to the tourist center of the city. All other types of railway vehicles going to the station KL Sentral, where you can also take the metro or bus to the centre.

Besides the metro, you can drive to the tourist centre of the city to Pudu Raya station by bus No. 690. Will have to go 40 minutes, but this is the cheapest option, only 1.9 ringgit (see the currency of Malaysia).
The schedule of buses and trains in Kuala Lumpur
🕒 February 14, 2020
Before the trip, don't forget

    ❤ Join Nisha group in VK, Facebook, OK, or subscribe to the channel Telegram and Viber
    ☻ Find and book tours online Onlinetours.ru or Travelata.ru
    ✈ To buy tickets on proven search engine Aviasales.ru
    🏨 Book a hotel among more than 1 000 000 sentences in Agoda.com or Booking.com
    ☂ To get insurance to be safe Sravni.ru or Cherehapa.ru
    🚗 To rent a car on Rentalcars.com or autoeurope.ruto be free in their plans
    ⛳ Transfer from the airport to the place of rest for Kiwitaxi.ru
    ⛺ To check availability of tours to explore the most interesting places on tripster.ru

Best prices on air tickets to Malaysia:
CITY/DIRECTION	DATE OF DEPARTURE	RETURN DATE	FIND TICKET
Kuala Lumpur 	2020-04-03 	2020-04-23 	TO FIND 15 021 ₽
Penang 	2020-10-02 	2020-10-14 	FIND 31 773 ₽
Langkawi 	2020-09-19 	2020-10-01 	FIND FROM 33 302 ₽
Kota Kinabalu 	2020-06-10 	2020-06-24 	FIND 36 192 ₽
Comments / recent posts on the topic on the forum
Re: How to get in Malaysia?
admin 13 March, 2017

Elena, as far as I know, return ticket AirAsia impossible, you can only change the time/date of departure, and only for normal fares, i.e. not promo. This should be done at the website under My booking, Manage my booking or something like that. Surely you had a letter in the mail with the confirmation and a link to manage my booking. Try. I never made the change, so can not help, but if you do go, make screenshots and send, I will try to help to tell that what to press. ...
How to get to Malaysia?
Elena D. March 14, 2017
Good morning. I was able to change the departure time! Helped my boss-an Englishman, were dealt with together. Now it is possible not to hurry and not to worry. So if anyone needs help in this matter please feel free to (e-mail, my lenadum2@yandex.ru). And You Admin thank you very much for your participation. ...
Re: How to get in Malaysia?
admin March 14, 2017

:) Good luck with your journey, if you write that ...
Re: How to get in Malaysia?
Marych 3 November, 2018
Please tell me, at the airport, klaa or kaa2 what to do when between flights 10 hours?
Arrive at 6 PM, departure at 6 am. ...
Re: How to get in Malaysia?
admin 3 November, 2018

Just have to endure. Nothing special things to do there, as in all normal airports are: to read, to wander through dyutifri, surf the Internet ...
Re: How to get in Malaysia?
Leonid April 6, 2019
Hello, I arrive in KL on 12 June at 10:20 if we have a chance to catch the last ferry to Tioman from Mersing or this day will not fall? Who can, please share the information: airport-bus station TBS ( kind of transport (number, if possible, platform), journey time, cost), four of Us,Yes Luggage, so metro is not an option.
bus station TBS-Mersing (bus number , travel time, cost)
ferry (journey time, cost)
Tekek - Juara (travel time, cost) I would be grateful for information, because we are many, you need a budget to mark up! ...
Re: How to get in Malaysia?
admin 7 April, 2019

It seems to me impossible to catch. Here is the schedule of the ferry found, you obviously won't have time https://www.sgmytaxi.com/tioman-ferry-schedule/. I. e. theoretically it seems that it is possible to catch the last ferry, so will be eating on your date of arrival, but just in practice I know that everything always turns out longer than expected. Ie judge for yourself. After arrival you need about an hour at the airport, through security, to Luggage, to navigate, to find transportation. To get another hour and a half, so the station will not before 13:00. There, too, until Orient and buy tickets, another 30 minutes pass....
As for the station TBS, here it seems we have all written https://nashaplaneta.net/asia/malaysia/kuala-lumpur-avtostanciya-tbs ...
Re: How to get in Malaysia?
admin 7 April, 2019
Yes, and here is the schedule of buses from TBS to Mersing - https://www.busonlineticket.com/booking/kuala-lumpur-to-mersing-bus-tickets ...
Re: How to get in Malaysia?
Faces September 2, 2019
Good afternoon. Tell me fly to Klia2 and depart in the same terminal . Never found info about transit if I have two hours until the next departure and the Luggage was of course right to point of landing is possible not to pass the passport control and go through the transit area or do I need to first go through passport control to register again, and so forth . Where to find the transit area ? ...
Re: How to get in Malaysia?
admin September 2, 2019

Hello! It all depends on which flight arrive and depart. If the international transit, no passport control, no, just on arrival go aboard and go to the correct gate for departure. All the details of how it's done, now I can't remember, flew so last year, forgotten. But just do not remember, so everything was just, the signs most likely to go, and all. ... 

2. 
Terminal Bersepadu Selatan Stesen Bas Terbesar Di Kuala Lumpur
By
Tengku Halbert -
August 24, 2017
5926
Terminal Bersepadu Selatan

Assalamualaikum. Terminal Bersepadu Selatan (TBS) menggunakan kecanggihan teknologi pengangkutan terkini untuk mempertingkatkan kemudahan dan keselesaan pengunjung dan para penumpang yang menaiki bas ekspres ke selatan, timur, dan utara. Di bawah satu bumbung terdapat pelbagai destinasi di seluruh Malaysia yang ditawarkan di sini. TBS merupakan Stesen Bas Terbesar di Kuala Lumpur dan Di Malaysia.

Melalui Kaunter CTS 1 – 59 dan Mesin Tiket Layan Diri 1 – 12, TBS-BTS menawarkan Sistem Tiket Bersepadu (CTS) untuk semua destinasi selatan, pantai timur dan kesemua destinasi utara, dimana penjualan tiket secara individu oleh pengendali bas ekspres telah disepadukan di dalam satu sistem penjualan tiket yang inovatif dan terancang. Sekaligus memberi peluang kepada pengguna untuk membeli tiket bas tanpa gangguan peraih tiket dan ulat tiket.

ketika anda menunggu bas, anda boleh luangkan masa dengan membeli-belah kerana pelbagai jenis jualan runcit dan butik fesyen yang disediakan di dalam terminal ini. Sekiranya anda ingin menjamu selera ketika beristirehat di hujung minggu, sila kunjungi pelbagai gerai makanan dan minuman yang disediakan di Aras 3 dan 4 terminal ini.

Ketika menunggu orang tersayang atau hanya sekadar tempat persinggahan ketika transit, TBS-BTS direkacipta dengan persediaan yang lengkap untuk menampung jumlah pengunjung yang kian meningkat, seperti bilangan tempat duduk yang banyak serta aliran penghawa dingin yang sesuai dengan keadaan semasa. Admin kongsikan Peta Terminal Bas ini. Semoga Bermanfaat.
TBS TERMINAL BAS CANGGIH DAN BERINOVATIF

Mari kita lihat butiran kawasan ini dahulu.

    Alamat : Jalan Terminal Selatan, Bandar Tasek Selatan, 57100 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
    Nombor Telefon : +60 3-9051 2000
    Waktu Operasi : 24 Jam
    Website : www.tbsbts.com.my
    Peta Lokasi : 

Dapatkan Info Menarik di Terminal Bersepadu Selatan
Perkhidmatan Disediakan

Menawarkan Sistem Tiket Bersepadu (CTS) untuk semua destinasi selatan, pantai timur dan kesemua destinasi utara.

Dengan kemudahan akses rangkaian jalan raya utama MRR2 dan Lebuhraya Sungai Besi (SBE), dan juga tiga laluan kereta api yang berkedudukan selari dengan terminal ini, TBS-BTS merupakan sebuah hab pengangkutan bersepadu yang beroperasi 24-jam bagi para penumpang yang ingin ke 150(+) destinasi Selatan, Timur dan Utara.
Keperluan Khas

Pelbagai kemudahan dan perkhidmatan disediakan untuk para pengunjung yang memerlukan keperluan khas seperti bilik menyusu, tandas khas dan sebagainya. Sila ke Kaunter Informasi ARAS 3 sekiranya anda perlukan bantuan atau layari Kiosk Informasi yang berdekatan dengan anda.
Kemudahan Disediakan

    Bilik Istirehat VIP – Bilik Istirehat VIP disediakan di ARAS 3.
    Bilik Penjagaan Bay i- Bilik penjagaan bayi disediakan di ARAS 2, 3, dan 4.
    Medan Selera – Medan Selera TBS menyediakan pelbagai jenis makanan tempatan dan antarabangsa.
    Surau – Surau untuk pengunjung dan penumpang beragama Islam terletak pada ARAS 1, 3, dan 4 terminal ini.
    Tandas Awam – Tandas awam terletak di ARAS 1 , 2 , 3 , dan 4 terminal dengan kemudahan khas untuk golongan kurang upaya juga.
    Kawasan Larangan Merokok – Merokok dilarang sama sekali di dalam premis terminal.
    Kemudahan untuk golongan OKU (Bantuan Khas) – Di TBS-­BTS, memberi layanan istimewa kepada setiap individu seperti tetamu kami. Kesemua kemudahan yang disediakan seperti tanjakan, lif, kaunter tiket, tandas OKU dan panduan taktil, boleh digunakan oleh OKU atau individu yang memerlukan keperluan khas seperti Warga Emas.
    Pusat Bagasi dan Loker – Pusat bagasi dan loker terletak di ARAS 3 terminal. Kedua-­dua pusat bagasi dan loker menggunakan sistem pembayaran elektronik.
    Gintell Rest N Go – Pelanggan kini boleh berehat dan bersantai di kerusi urut Gintell -­ Rest N Go dilengkapi dengan kawalan urut pratetap semasa menunggu orang tersayang atau menunggu untuk berlepas. Kerusi urut Gintell disediakan di Balai Menunggu ARAS 3 & 4-25 terminal.
    Troli – Di TBS­‐BTS, Troli telah disediakan pada ARAS 2 (Balai Ketibaan) dan ARAS 3 (Lobi Utama).
    Rest & Go (Hotel Transit & Reflexologi) – Rasa letih dan mengantuk semasa transit? Sila berhenti dan rehatkan diri di Rest & Go Motel. Hotel ini mempunyai bilik tidur yang lengkap dengan peralatan tempat tidur dan sistem penghawa dingin untuk keselesaan dan kemudahan anda.
    Mesin ATM – Jika anda ingin mengeluarkan wang tunai, pelbagai mesin ATM dan Deposit Tunai disediakan pada ARAS 3 seperti CIMB, MayBank (ATM & SRM) dan AmBank.
    Balai Perlepasan – Balai Perlepasan di ARAS 2 terbahagi kepada 3 kawasan. Balai Perlepasan 1-­19 untuk perlepasan Sistem Tiket Bersepadu (CTS) dilengkapi dengan penghawa dingin, skrin paparan jadual perjalanan bas, tandas, kiosk makanan dan minuman, serta pengumuman perlepasan berjadual.
    Tempat Letak Kereta – Untuk kemudahan anda, tempat letak kereta ARAS 4, 5, 6 mempunyai bilangan tempat parkir yang lebih besar. Tiada bayaran dikenakan untuk motorsikal.
    Automated External Defibrillator (AED) – TBS kini dilengkapi dengan Automated External Defibrillator (AED) di Pejabat Khidmat Pelanggan, ARAS 3 dan di Bilik Kecemasan, ARAS 2.

Jom Saksikan Keindahan Panorama di Stesen Terminal Bersepadu

     
Jom Lihat Review Pengunjung di Terminal Bersepadu Selatan

Your last call announcement really helpful me. I was not realised waiting at wrong gate until my name called.. It was fantastic. Modern design with 5 star cleanliness. The girl selling the ticket very beautiful with an adorable smile. Kuih Kosoi.

Biggest bus station in Kuala Lumpur and Malaysia. Hundreds of buses to most destinations in peninsular Malaysia. Important to know that there are additional ticket counters apart from the ones in the main hall. You’ll save time since queues are shorter. Many restaurants at the second level. During the weekends and public holidays can get busy – may be a good idea to buy your bus ticket online. Laurentiu Morariu.

Very systematic and organized. The last call announcement is pretty useful. However this place can get a bit crowded during holidays, queues everywhere, washrooms, surau, cafe. Tom Bishop.

Best bus terminal i’ve been to! Long row of counters selling tickets. Spacious with a vast seating area for passengers. Fully airconditioned with restrooms and food stalls. Marilyn Paradina.

Been a frequent user for past few years. Well upkeep and everything was perfectly organized and arranged. Very impressed with the standard. Kim Fooi Choo.
Penutup & Special Thanks

Alhamdulillah, terima kasih kepada laman web rasmi TBS kerana berkongsi maklumat dan gambar yang menarik. Maklumat yang dikongsikan sangat berguna dan membantu admin.

Sekiranya anda mempunyai pengalaman di Terminal Bersepadu Selatan , silalah tinggalkan komen dibawah untuk berkongsi pendapat dan review dengan pengunjung lain. Semoga setiap penulisan anda dibalas dengan pahala InsyaAllah.

Jangan lupa tulis review anda bagi yang pernah sampai ke Terminal Bersepadu Selatan.

3. Terminal Bersepadu Selatan Now Supports Boost and Touch ‘n Go eWallet
Chief Chapree
January 26, 2020
250
					

			0 2.2K reads	

Post updated January 28th, 2020 at 02:45 pm

One of Klang Valley’s major bus hub, Terminal Bersepadu Selatan (TBS) recently has announced that users are able to purchase bus tickets at its premise with e-wallet. The announcement arrived just as the government made a huge push for e-wallet through the national-scale e-Tunai Rakyat program.

According to TBS, there are two e-wallet services that are now supported by its ticketing system which are the Boost and Touch ‘n Go eWallet. Customers are able utilized them at TBS ticketing counters which are located at level 3 of the terminal.

In another related news, Transport Minister, Anthony Loke has revealed that the Ministry of Transport (MoT) is already working to have all public bus terminals throughout Malaysia to support cashless payment methods. However, the minister pointed out that the support will be implemented in stages as MoT has to make sure that the terminals are ready for it.

One of the critical components that is needed to enable the support is the centralized ticketing system which only available at certain bus terminals. Additionally, Anthony also didn’t seem to provide any hard deadline for the implementation but given the government recent surge of interest on e-wallet, we are not surprised if the implementation would take place in rapid manner.

(Source: Terminal Bersepadu Selatan – 1, 2 // Bernama.